[seabirds squawking]
♪
[pop song playing in Spanish]
[engine revving]
[laughter]
♪
-No way.
-Yeah.
This is the Cuban spirit.
Dom! Dom!
[engine roaring,
tire squealing]
[cheering]
Raldo, you said I...
[continues in Spanish]
You know I can't make a living
without my car.
It's not my problem, bro.
Dominic Toretto,
I heard about you.
Welcome to my island.
Why you hooking up
my cousin's car?
He needed money.
I gave it to him.
He can't pay.
I take the car.
I-I just need a few more days.
"Few more days"
wasn't part of the deal.
Come on.
You make a deal,
you gotta live up to it.
You make a deal...
you going to live up to it.
"Going to live up to it"?
Oh, so you one of those types.
You take everyone's ride
and then ship it back
to the States?
You watch your mouth.
[laughs]
Now you got a problem.
I'm gonna keep it
about the cars.
-You want a car, get it
the right way. -How?
Race for it.
I already own it, bro.
Not that car.
-Mine.
-[crowd murmuring]
FERNANDO:
Dom...
His-his car is the fastest car
on the island.
Do you know what he has
under that hood?
He knows it doesn't matter
what's under a hood.
The only thing that matters
is who's behind the wheel.
You think so?
I know so.
Then race his car.
And we ain't racing
no quarter-mile here.
We race the Cuban mile.
Done.
[crowd whooping and cheering]
[Fernando speaking Spanish]
[engine rumbling]
Listen, I-I appreciate what
you're trying to do, but...
my car is the slowest car
on the island.
Was.
Pull the seats,
the doors, the battery.
If it ain't the motor,
take it off.
Laughing gas?
Nah, Fed.
This is Cuban NOS.
[chuckles]
You guys are crazy.
-FERNANDO: What are you doing?
-DOM: Poor man's turbo.
Pull the vacuum line
and hold on.
Old trick the Buster
used to play,
in case of emergencies.
You know that's
way too much boost
-for that engine.
-DOM: It's gonna be fast.
It's gonna be a bomb.
Only needs to go a mile.
♪
[engines revving,
crowd cheering]
[tires squealing]
[shouts in Spanish]
♪
[horn honking]
[tires squealing,
horns honking]
[man shouts in Spanish]
[tires screeching]
[laughing]
That car belongs
in the trash, bro.
[tires squeal]
[gas hisses]
[engine roars]
[horn honks]
-[tires squealing]
-[horn honking]
[horns honking]
[shouting in Spanish]
[excited chatter]
[tires squeal, horn honks]
[tires screeching]
FERNANDO:
Where are they going?
LETTY:
I don't know. Let's go.
♪
[phone beeps]
Ghost him.
MAN:
Sí.
[startled chatter]
[engine revving]
Adios, Toretto.
[engine rattling]
Okay, Buster.
Let's see if this works.
[tires squealing]
That's impossible.
[horns honking]
[tires squeal]
[tires squealing, horn honking]
[cheering]
[tires squealing]
[cheering, excited chatter]
[muttering in Spanish]
[explosive whoosh]
[shouts in Spanish]
[tires screeching]
Look out!
[explosive whoosh]
[tires squealing]
[cheering]
[cheering, excited chatter]
Hold on. Hold on.
[crowd murmuring]
A deal's a deal.
[keys jangling]
You won my car.
And you earned my respect.
Keep your car.
Your respect
is good enough for me.
DOM:
Yo, cousin.
Sorry about your car.
Yours was too slow
for a Toretto anyway.
Your Impala?
Are you serious?
[cheering]
♪
[pop song playing in Spanish]
Look at that smile.
I love it when you smile.
You make me happy.
Mmm, I think this place
makes you happy.
It's like it speaks to you.
You remember that guy--
the racer and his dad?
-The one with the boat engine
under the hood? -Yeah.
-Yeah.
-Of course.
I was... I was looking at them,
and I... and I couldn't help
but to imagine
what you'd be like
if you were a dad.
[laughing]: No, no, no, no!
I'm not pregnant.
Is that what you want?
It's not about what I want
or what you want.
It's about why we haven't
asked the question.
[vehicle engine sputtering]
[engine continues sputtering]
[speaks Spanish]
What?
You need a hand?
Yeah, I think I do.
Sounds like you're not
getting any fuel.
-Yeah?
-Probably the shutoff solenoid.
Let's see if we can get
some power to it.
What brings you to Cuba?
Same thing that brings
everyone else to Cuba.
Culture, people, beauty.
What brings you to Cuba?
Work.
Must be casual Friday.
How's that honeymoon
going, Dom?
DOM:
Your fuel relay is missing.
I know.
I love to play games--
beaten the best of 'em--
but I'm kind of in a rush,
so if you've got something
to say to me...
Oh, this is
a very different game.
That I can assure you.
This...
There is something
much greater at work here.
This is fate.
I choose to make my own fate.
Not today.
Is this the road you take
to your apartment
every morning?
What else is different, Dom?
Was Santiago's closed?
Did you have to
cross two blocks
to go get your Cuban coffees?
What is it, black, no sugar?
Yeah.
I put a lot of work
into getting you here today.
Well, now that I'm here,
what do you want?
I want you to work for me.
Work for you?
Oh, I could have saved you
a lot of time, then.
See, I don't work for anyone.
You can't walk away
from this, Dom.
We're gonna have
this conversation,
one way or the other.
You see, that's the funny thing
about fate.
It's cunning.
It can bring you
beautiful things,
and it can also bring you
moments like this.
Oh, you're gonna want
to work for me.
You're gonna betray
your brothers,
abandon your code
and shatter your family.
You see, your team
is about to go up against
the only thing
they can't handle.
And what's that?
You.
Oh, and, Dom...
I wouldn't mention this
to anyone.
[engine starts]
[vehicle drives away]
HOBBS:
They are gonna be hitting us
with everything they got.
So we want to engage
with maximum speed.
Neutralize their shooters,
and then move on
to our objective.
There's two things
I want you to keep in mind.
Number one: I chose you
for this squad because you are
the most fearsome warriors
on the planet.
And number two:
You go out there,
you do your job,
and you take 'em down.
Everyone--
and I mean everyone--
manis and pedis at the mall
later on today.
[cheering]
Huh?
MAN:
One, two three!
-[blows whistle]
-GIRLS: Monarchs!
[chanting in Maori]
[girls respond in Maori]
[chants in Maori]
[call-and-response
Maori chant continues]
Yah!
-What?
-[whistle blows]
I don't want to play anymore.
All right, let's go, girls.
Let's go, let's go!
Final two minutes.
MAN:
Quite the cheering section.
-[quiet chuckling]
-HOBBS: Oh, yeah.
Yeah, it's the moms. They come
out to support the kids.
Except there seem to be
more moms than kids.
Way more moms.
[murmuring, chuckling]
[chuckles] Yeah.
It's a big soccer town.
Let's go, girls!
So, your intel was spot-on.
That Damocles 7 EMP weapon
that went missing in the Gulf--
arms dealers
from the Liberation Front
-have it in Berlin.
-Shit.
This thing can wipe out
an entire electrical grid
in a major city.
No lights, no power--
instant Stone Age.
Chloe, Maya, you can't let her
run by you like that.
-Let's go, let's go! Cross!
-Agent Hobbs,
this is a Class 4 WMD.
Do you have any idea
-what's at stake here?
-That's it. Go, go, go, go!
Yes, I know exactly
what is at stake here, okay?
If the Pink Butterflies
beat my Red Dragons, that means
we lose the championship--
which means I have
20 little girls who are crying,
and that's not a good thing.
Which then means
I have to spend
a lot of time
in ice cream shops
and a lot of time
at Tay Tay concerts.
Tay Tay?
Come... Taylor Swift.
Gotta be shittin' me.
Get it together, okay?
-Let's go, girls.
-GIRL: Go, go, go!
We need you to do this.
It's a lot of lives at stake.
-All right, but I need
to be clear here. -Ah, ah!
The U.S. government cannot
sanction this operation
in any way.
-You're on your own.
-Hey...
This thing goes sideways,
you don't just get burned;
you go to prison.
And there's nothing
we can do to get you out.
Let me tell you something.
The only thing that I love more
than saving lives
is my daughter.
So, if you don't shut up
with this government bullshit
right now
and start showing
some team spirit
and respect
for the Red Dragons,
I'm gonna have all 20 of them
line up
and kick you right
in the tay-tay.
Go, Dragons.
Say it again.
-Go, Dragons!
-Attaboy.
Go, Dragons. Go, Dragons.
Go. She's open!
-Go, go! Yes!
-[crowd cheering]
-[laughs]
-[whistle blows]
That is my daughter
right there. Yes.
[chuckles]
Yes, come here.
-How did I do?
-HOBBS: Awesome.
Nice job, kid.
-[Hobbs sighs]
-Daddy's gotta go to work?
Uh, yeah.
Daddy's gotta go to work.
Now, you're gonna need
to get a team you can trust.
Oh, I already got one.
[cell phone buzzing]
[sighs]
-HOBBS: Hey, Dom.
-Hey, Hobbs.
I got a job in Berlin,
and I need a favor, brother.
No problem. I'll grab the team
and meet you in Berlin.
Thanks, man.
I'll see you soon.
♪
[crickets chirping]
You were only supposed
to create a diversion, Roman.
That was a diversion!
How many of the damn explosives
did you use?
I don't know, Tej.
All of it?
-Wait, all of it?
-Roman, Jesus Christ.
Got more
of your fan club ahead.
[tires squealing]
[rapid gunfire]
They're still on us.
These guys are taking this
personal.
Roman, we just blew up
their facility
and stole their EMP.
Other than your doctor's
cold finger,
I'd say it's about
as personal as it can get.
Phase two.
Phase two? So, you just
gonna keep that to yourself?
What happened to phase one?
What about that part?
Yeah. Remember the airplane?
Everyone drove
their cars out but you?
I told you
my engine seized up.
It's your balls that seized up.
Just follow my lead, okay?
And, Roman, whatever you do...
don't think.
-What?
-Tej, drop it.
Bombs away.
Split now.
Holy...!
[shouts in German]
ROMAN:
Great plan, Tej.
Well, just so you know,
you missed some.
Oh, just wait for it.
[cable creaking]
ROMAN:
Oh, shit!
I hate you, Tej!
[laughs]
Got your ass.
You good?
I'll see you when it's done.
All right, great job, team.
Let's break off,
and meet me at the safe house.
[tires squealing]
A hell of a job, brother.
When we get back to the base,
beer's on me.
-[grunting, panting]
-[car door opens]
[groaning]
You lost your goddamn mind,
Toretto?
Toretto, you put hands on
that thing, you're gonna have
the whole world gunning
for you, including me.
[grunting]
I don't know what you're doing,
but you better think
about this, Toretto.
It ain't too late to stop this.
-It is now.
-[car door closes]
-[sirens blaring]
-[tires screech]
That sumbitch just crossed us.
-What?
-TEJ: Wait a second.
What are you talking about?
Dom took the EMP.
Bullshit.
Where are you?
HOBBS: It's too late for me.
Get out of here.
Saw that look in his eye,
and I've seen that look before.
Dominic Toretto
just went rogue.
[sirens blaring]
[alarm buzzing]
♪
TEJ: All right, I got
his phone records, y'all.
It's a whole bunch of calls
to untraceable numbers.
ROMAN:
Burner phones, right?
TEJ:
Nah. Scrambler.
Same number,
but they got some sort
of micro-router
to bury the signal path,
which means Dom
is clearly communicating
with somebody
that's above our pay grade.
Look, I don't know Dom
as well as you,
but if we just look
at the facts...
Dom's been having
highly encrypted conversations
with some mysterious person.
He took out Hobbs.
He stole an EMP.
Now he's disappeared.
So, what are you saying?
RAMSEY:
Maybe we should consider
the fact that Hobbs is right.
Dom did go rogue.
[car door slams]
ROMAN:
Letty.
LETTY:
Before you judge the man,
remember,
you're breathing right now
because he saved your life.
You just gonna let her
bump your shoulder like that?
I'm-I'm just saying, that...
that was a little aggressive.
What you gonna do, e-mail her?
[sighs]
Check.
[buzzer sounds]
Moment, will you, fellas?
Thank you.
Well, this is
an exciting new look.
It's a little tight
in the crotch, as always.
[Mr. Nobody chuckles]
What boy-band bus
did she fall out of?
It's my new junior associate.
He's working with me on this.
-All yours.
-Mr. Nobody and I
have been given the authority
to get you out of this.
All you have to do is agree
to the terms, and you're free.
What's Training Wheels
talking about? What terms?
Confess to your crimes
in Berlin.
Treason,
international espionage,
massive destruction
of civic property.
You do that, we close the case.
-And?
-And the DSS blacklists you.
-Germany loves that.
-Officially,
-you will be a criminal.
-Wait. Whoa, whoa, whoa.
You need to work
on your delivery, all right?
Unofficially...
you're off the books.
You come work with me.
I'm not a criminal.
MR. NOBODY:
Luke, come on. Labels.
There is no confession.
There are no backroom deals.
Got myself into this,
I'm gonna get myself out of it.
-You know that. -I do,
and that's what I told him.
Well, there you have it.
Good luck in the courts, man.
What about your daughter?
You know, if you're not
gonna do it for your country,
at least do it for your kid.
[chuckling]:
Big mistake, kid.
[grunting]
Hold on. Look, Luke.
He's still working
from the manual.
I mean, he doesn't even
really know the rules.
Now, come on, give him a break.
[strained]:
Give me a break.
Luke.
[grunts, groans]
-Appreciate it.
-[coughing]
[coughing]
It's good to see you, Nobody.
You, too.
[coughing continues]
Rule number one:
Know your audience.
I gave you your shot.
You shit the bed.
Now I'm gonna show you
how to get this done.
PRISONER:
You're mine now, copper!
PRISONER 2: Yeah, that badge
don't go far in here!
PRISONER 3:
You're dead, cop. Dead!
PRISONER 4: I'm gonna slice
some bacon off your back, pig!
DECKARD:
Well, well, well.
Luke Hobbs behind bars.
Would you look at that.
The bent cop got his day.
[buzzer sounds, lock clicks]
You know, that color
looks good on you.
Yeah, it'd look a whole hell
of a lot better
with your blood on it.
Yeah, good luck with that,
Hercules.
Lawman gone bad, huh?
Such a cliché.
Oh, well, welcome to the club.
I wouldn't
get that twisted, son.
We ain't in no club.
We got nothing in common.
And unlike you,
I ain't gonna be here long.
What, you bring a shovel,
did you?
Because it's 38 feet
of steel and concrete.
Or so I've been told.
[Deckard chuckling]
Better get to digging.
You wanker.
Yeah.
Move.
Say that again.
If I say it again,
it'll be to a corpse.
[chuckles]
I'm going to enjoy this.
WOMAN:
Welcome back, Dom.
Nice job out there.
You excited about tonight?
You're going on this?
You're with me, Dom.
Showing me
your shoe collection?
Yep.
A pair for every occasion.
You have enough guns in here
to outfit a small army, huh?
Oh, this is just the tip
of the iceberg.
You know what I like
about you, Dom?
You're a genuine outlaw.
I mean, you're a man
who lives by his own rules.
Which is surprising because,
when I saw you in Cuba,
I heard about a guy
who almost killed you
with a motorcycle,
and you let him keep his car?
Oh, that confused you?
Hmm.
Of course I could have
taken his car.
But it's about
something bigger.
This way...
I changed him.
That's not your responsibility.
-But it's who I am.
-Is it?
Let me ask you something, Dom.
What's the best thing
in your life?
Family.
No, it's not.
Not if you're being honest.
It's the ten seconds
between start and finish
when you're not thinking
about anything.
No family.
No obligations.
Just you...
being free.
I gotta tell you,
this whole saving-the-world,
Robin Hood nonsense
you've been doing recently--
it's bullshit.
It's not you.
Be who you are.
Why live only
a quarter mile at a time
when you can live
your whole life that way?
[panting, grunting]
Is that it?
Is that all those bloated-out
muscles will give you?
All show and no go.
[grunts]
[grunting]
Oh, I got plenty of go.
You must have misplaced that
when I kicked your arse up
and down that office of yours.
Yeah.
Just like you Brits--
rewriting history, huh?
All I know is it wasn't me
that was thrown out
of a four-story window.
Jumped.
I jumped out
of a four-story window
saving my partner's life.
'Cause where I'm from,
we don't settle fights
by throwing bombs.
Well, that's funny,
because where I'm from,
we don't need women
to run to our rescue.
-[knuckles cracking]
-I mean, do you really believe
you can stand in front of me
and beat me in a straight-up,
old-fashioned fistfight?
Let me tell you something.
Me and you, one on one,
no one else around--
I will beat your ass
like a Cherokee drum.
Maybe one day we'll find out.
Oh, you better hope
that day never comes.
[buzzer sounds]
♪
I said no, Mr. Nobody.
I'm not leaving this cell.
I'll get out my way.
[alarm whooping]
The right way!
Hey! Why is the door open?
Get back in your cell!
Relax.
It's just a malfunction.
-Get back!
-Just a malfunction.
-[electrical crackling]
-[guard groans]
♪ Got the whole spot
going up like that ♪
♪ Laid back hot
in the cut like that ♪
♪ Speakerbox blast...
Stop him!
Don't let him get away!
♪ In fact, we about to go
up like that ♪
-[grunting and groaning]
-[gunfire]
♪ Speakerbox,
speakerbox blast ♪
♪ Blast, blast, blast,
blast, blast, blast ♪
♪ We can switch it up
like that ♪
♪ Speakerbox blast,
speaker-speakerbox blast, go ♪
♪ Back in the back
in the cut like that ♪
♪ Speakerbox blast,
speaker-speakerbox blast, go ♪
go rat-a-tat-tat ♪
♪ Speakerbox blast, go
rat-a-tat-tat ♪
♪ In fact,
we about to go up like ♪
-[yelling in pain]
-♪ Got the whole spot
♪ Going up
[grunting and groaning
continue]
[man yells]
♪ Got the whole spot going
I've been waiting
a long time for this.
[groans]
Keep waiting, bitch.
[grunting and groaning
continue]
[grunts]
Rubber bullets.
Big mistake.
-[Hobbs yells]
-[guard groans]
[guard yells in pain]
[grunting and groaning
continue]
[yells]
[guard groans]
♪ We can switch it up
like that, that, that, that ♪
♪ Like blast
[grunting and groaning]
[grunting and groaning
continue]
♪ We about to go up like
[panting]
[guards grunting]
[grunting and groaning
continue]
[Hobbs and Deckard panting]
Well, that took longer
than I expected.
-HOBBS:
Two questions.
-MR. NOBODY:
Yeah.
-My daughter?
-With your sister.
Toretto?
[chuckling]:
It's interesting you ask.
This is my new base.
Welcome to nowhere.
It's a little sterile for you.
[chuckles]
Listen, there's something
I want to talk
to you about after.
Hey, listen, guys, thanks...
Whoa, whoa, whoa, what?
Handcuffs? What is this?
It's called abuse of power.
You told me to round them up.
I didn't tell you to hand...
Cut 'em loose. Oh, man.
[chuckling]:
This is embarrassing.
I'm sorry, guys. Really, I...
So, this is how
you treat old friends?
TEJ: Friends?
We don't even really know
-who the hell this guy is.
-Doesn't matter who I am, Tej.
-I'm, like, nobody, okay?
-Nobody. So, then, who is he?
Him? He's nothing.
He's, like, less than me.
Clearly, we're getting nowhere
with nobody.
I've been in here
for four hours,
and my ribs are showing.
I don't know about y'all,
but I'm out.
-I wouldn't recommend that.
-What?
Well, thanks to
your botched Berlin job,
you all made Interpol's
top ten most wanted list.
-Top ten.
-Mm-hmm.
That's all right.
Well, uh... not you, Roman.
-What do you mean?
-You just missed the cut.
You're number 11, so...
-I... I missed?
-Yeah.
-ROMAN: That's impossible.
-[chuckling]
What number
did they come in at?
Six, eight, nine,
ten.
-She's ten? That's impossible.
-Mm-hmm.
-There's no way she's a ten.
-Oh, she's definitely a ten.
[chuckles] What?
MR. NOBODY:
How about we focus on someone
who we're not gonna find
on anybody's list.
We're awaiting
hard confirmation,
but I believe that's
the cyber terrorist
known as Cipher.
Wait, no.
Cipher's an organization,
not... not a person.
Not according to our sources.
-What does she want?
-No one knows.
Cipher is like
a digital act of God.
They...
well, she can manipulate
world systems from the shadows.
Anything that can be hacked
is hers to play with.
And here's the kicker--
you'll never find her linked
to any of it.
Her digital identity
is scrubbed
every few seconds worldwide.
So, basically,
she's the bogeyman.
Damn, she's...
one of the hottest bogeymans
I've ever seen.
I mean, if y'all know her,
tell her to get at your boy.
-[Roman chuckles]
-[kicks chair]
-What are you, 12?
-That was my shin, mother...
Let's just say,
people are scared
of the hacker group Anonymous.
But even Anonymous
won't mess with her.
What the hell does any of this
have to do with us?
Probably nothing, Letty,
but I do find it interesting
that, apparently,
for some reason,
she's now working
with this guy.
-[sighs]
-He's already delivered
a fully operational EMP
into her hands.
Detonate that, they can turn
any city in the world
into a war zone.
So, then, what is it
you're suggesting we do?
MR. NOBODY:
Maybe we find Dom, huh?
Well, first, let's catch him
and then figure out
why he's turned.
So, y'all want us to track Dom.
Yeah, I know, Roman,
it's kind of a big job.
It's impossible.
Which is why I'm bringing in
an extra pair of hands.
[beep, buzzing]
Ah, my day just got
a whole hell of a lot better.
Mr. Nobody, you want to tell me
why you just put me
in a room with this
tea and crumpets eating,
criminal sumbitch?
What a big mouth
on a small head,
coming from prisoner 6753.
Don't think we've forgotten
everything that you've done.
We are not teaming up
with this guy.
Let's get one thing clear:
I ain't on your team.
I don't care about you,
your crew
or your little family.
-I'm here for Cipher.
-HOBBS: What you gonna do,
apply for a job?
Head asshole?
You know,
I think that tight T-shirt's
cutting off the circulation
to your brain.
You should get a bigger size.
Cipher came to me first.
Wanted me to steal Nightshade
for her.
When I said no,
she went after my brother.
Ah, yes, brother Owen.
Who could forget him, huh?
Former hell-raiser
and current guest
at a nasty little
black-site prison.
Cipher corrupted him
and left him for dead.
So, if I get a shot
to take her down,
believe me, Flex,
I'm taking it.
You're taking my boot
right up your ass
-is what you're taking.
-Guys, guys, guys, guys.
The fastest way to find Cipher
is through Toretto.
Now, aside from myself,
there's only
two men in the world
that have ever managed
to actually track him down
with any success.
And guess what-- they're both
standing in front of me
right now.
So, like it or not, you two
are gonna work together.
You got that?
I'm gonna take that as a yes.
Am I the only one seeing this?
Oh, this ought to be good.
[stammers]
Use God's Eye.
We put our lives on the line,
running around the world
trying to figure
this thing out.
It can find anybody, right?
Let's use it to find Dom.
Roman, that is a great idea.
Did you hear that?
"Great idea"?
No, no, no, no, no,
don't tune it out, huh?
Mr. Nobody,
let's fire it up, huh?
-TEJ: Got him. He's in London.
-[chuckles]
Yeah.
[computer beeping]
RAMSEY: Wait. We've got
a second match in Hong Kong.
ROMAN:
Beijing and Seoul.
TEJ:
And Tokyo.
[Ramsey sighs]
RAMSEY: And just about
every other major city
-on the planet.
-MR. NOBODY: And so...
God's Eye
was where we started.
But Cipher's already created
an evasion that masks
their location
by pinging random spots
all over the globe,
but it was
a good thought, Roman.
So, she's made
my program obsolete.
And that, Ramsey,
is why you're here.
See, simple solutions aren't
gonna cut it here, slick.
Why you look at me
when you say that?
TEJ:
Wait a second.
Wait, wait. Simple solutions
might just cut it.
You see, in order for God's Eye
to give off
all these false pings,
means they have to be
using a FLEA relay.
Watch these two.
Which means it has a decaying
sync randomizer.
Which we can reverse...
And track it back
to the originating source
and find Dom's true location.
-[snaps fingers]
-MR. NOBODY: I'm telling you,
they got skills.
That was my idea.
That's what I was saying.
-Remember in there?
-MR. NOBODY: All right.
Let's try this.
It's working.
HOBBS: Time you want
to check your manual
and start organizing
a force response.
Let's get a hold
of our international assets...
He's still green.
Yeah, like fresh baby shit.
Soon as we have Toretto's
location, I want to mobilize.
Let's get a hold
of a better asshole.
Uh, no one respects you, uh...
[imitates radio static]
-Cover.
-Get away from me.
All right,
they're not in China.
Or Russia.
Europe's clear.
But this one's not going away.
This is interesting.
Why?
Because that's here.
[yells]
[rapid beeping]
[rapid beeping continues]
[grunts, yells]
[grunting]
[team groaning and coughing]
[groaning]
CIPHER [echoing]:
Did you all enjoy that?
Next-generation
concussion grenade.
It scrambles your senses.
Don't worry,
it will wear off in an hour.
Probably.
Hello, Deckard.
Nice to see you again.
[Cipher chuckling]
Look at this.
Body's not even cold, Dom.
Your family's already
replacing you.
You chose the losing team.
I guess your brother
is smarter than you.
[coughing, groaning]
[team continues groaning
and coughing]
[high-pitched ringing]
Smart move embedding God's Eye
into the mainframe.
Irritating to make me have to
come all the way
down here to get it, but...
Let's go.
[team groaning]
Dom!
[groaning and coughing
continue]
You gonna turn your back
on family?
Just like that?
♪
Let's go.
[quiet, distant chatter]
You okay?
That wasn't him.
I don't know
what she's got on him,
but that wasn't Dom.
Brian would know what to do.
No!
We can't bring Brian and Mia
into this.
We agreed on that.
ROMAN:
I know.
DOM:
Back there, was that for her,
for me or you?
And was it even necessary?
Necessary?
Nothing is necessary.
Everything is a choice.
And I simply made one,
but so did you.
You could have stopped me,
but you chose not to.
Wonder what Letty
thought about that.
The problem with putting
your foot on a tiger's neck
is you can never let it up.
I think I need to remind you
why you chose to be here.
♪
[gasps]
Elena.
Dom.
I'm sorry.
You shouldn't have come.
Nothing could have
kept me away.
Now she has the three of us.
[baby coos]
Do you want to see him?
See Papa?
Yeah. Yeah.
Come and see Papa.
Papa.
[baby coos]
When I realized I was pregnant,
you had just found out
Letty was alive.
[baby babbling]
So I decided,
when Letty and you
got back from your honeymoon,
I was going to tell you.
And then she took us
before I had the chance.
[cooing]
His name?
I call him Marcos.
But that's his middle name.
I thought his father
should give him his first name.
I'm sorry, Dom.
There's nothing
to be sorry for.
ELENA:
Whatever happens...
...just save our son.
Your son.
[Marcos cooing]
[door opens]
[door closes]
CIPHER:
Good visit?
I know.
I know what you're thinking.
I just let the guards go,
so there's only two opponents
in the room.
Rhodes has the gun,
so you'll take him out first.
I know you.
And then you're thinking...
Elena's a cop.
Maybe the two of you
can fight your way out of here.
It's so much to think about.
[inhales deeply]
[exhales]
Let me make it easier for you.
Do with it as you wish.
Have you heard
of choice theory, Dom?
There is a bunch of axioms,
but only two you really need
to concern yourself with.
One: The only person's behavior
we can control is our own.
And two: The only thing
we can truly
give another person
is information.
So let me give you some.
You see these cameras in here?
The moment you make a move,
highly paid men with weapons
will make their way
into this room
with one very specific
instruction.
It's not to save me.
It's to kill your son.
Now, that's a lot of bullets,
and it only takes one
for you to lose everything.
So I have to ask you because...
I know family
is so important to you.
Is that really a choice
you want to make?
Because I'm ready if you are.
If I pull this trigger--
and God knows I want to--
if I killed everyone
on this plane,
I still couldn't get in there.
'Cause of your
two-man fail-safe system.
Since I'm alone!
I got no choice!
I didn't think so.
[Elena's breaths trembling]
You want to see the old Dom?
Watch.
[sobbing]
ELENA [crying]:
Bitch.
-Don't... don't...
-Sweet dreams.
Please!
[computer beeping]
Damn it.
She wiped it all.
Took God's Eye.
That was the one thing
we could use to find them.
We lost everything.
What you got, princess?
Finding Toretto.
But I got a couple
of minutes to spare,
if you want me to send you
to the hospital-- again.
[chuckles] Yo, Rules.
-First off, that's not my name.
-Little Nobody.
-Don't call me that. -Oh,
that's definitely sticking.
Great. Do me a favor and tell
Your Majesty over there
that we're gonna find Toretto.
We find Toretto together
as a team.
And when this is all over with,
I'm happy to slap
that whisker biscuit
right off his face.
RAMSEY:
Wait a minute, guys.
I think Deckard's
actually onto something.
How do you think Dom and Cipher
got into the country
without us knowing?
Ghost flights.
TEJ: I thought
untraceable aircraft was all
-Internet conspiracy stuff.
-MR. NOBODY: It's not.
Satellites and radar grids
all across the globe
shift like an ocean.
And they've got channels
that open and close.
And theoretically,
if you know the right people
who know the right patterns...
You can fly
right through the blind spots
completely undetected.
So, you know where Dom
is headed?
[computer beeps]
Yeah. New York.
[laughing]
You see there, Luke?
You guys are gonna
get along just great.
Which proves rule number two--
you never lose everything.
Fire up the chopper.
Well, guys, have a ball
in the Big Apple.
♪
♪ I'm with the gang,
gang, gang ♪
♪ And we 'bout to go up
♪ Switching lanes, it's a thang
every time we show up ♪
♪ You lame, lame, lame,
and you so below us ♪
♪ Bet your ho she know us
♪ 'Cause you know
we blowed up ♪
♪ We stay down...
ROMAN:
And why are we
traveling like this again?
TEJ:
Because Dom took God's Eye.
So we need to stay
off the grid.
ROMAN:
But like this?
[sniffs, groans]
Look here, man.
Before I throw up in my mouth,
let me ask you--
what are we doing here?
That's a good question, Roman.
Let me show you.
[engines revving]
Welcome to our new base
of operations.
No, seriously,
what is this place?
TEJ:
This...
is heaven.
HOBBS:
It's the agency garage.
They call it the Toy Shop.
This is where we house
every vehicle
seized from drug dealers
on the East Coast.
Now, Mr. Nobody said,
"If we're gonna have a chance
at catching Dom...
...we're gonna have
to be damn fast."
Figured this would help.
We got a tank.
750-horsepower,
6.6-liter V-8 Duramax engine
with an M153 CROWS
remotely operated
weapons station on top.
You didn't get this
from drug dealers.
LITTLE NOBODY:
No. No, that, uh...
that, the United States Army
lent me.
See, the Army's developing
machines like this
that soldiers can drive
from a mile away
so they can stay safe
and alive.
But luckily,
there's a backup driver's seat
for those of us that like
to get more... hands-on.
-I'm sitting there wondering
this whole time... -Oh, whoa.
...will this thing feel
like valet
-at Cheesecake Factory.
-Whoa.
No one is getting hands-on.
She doesn't go on city streets.
[motor whirring]
Wow.
I'm in love.
LITTLE NOBODY:
Again...
no, no.
That's a million-dollar
show car.
The point is
to not draw attention.
It's reverse psychology.
Dom will never see it coming.
It's neon orange.
The International Space Station
would see it coming.
Go choose anything
less conspicuous.
No, no, no. Calipers are my...
This is ridiculous.
-Not happening.
-Hey, my man,
you can put that down
right there.
This is a gift, a real gift.
I know what you're doing.
[laughs]
I like your beard.
You're Blanta.
Black Santa?
No, I'm serious.
Put it down right there.
[engine rumbling]
[engine rattling]
What are you doing?
Engine's misfiring.
I gotta check it out.
No, that's not part
of the plan, Dom.
Clearly.
But unless you want the engine
to seize on the job...
You have five minutes.
I want another visual.
I got an ATM.
I don't like this.
[truck beeping]
I want to see Toretto.
-There are no more cameras.
-Then find something.
Punch in
on something reflective.
A car mirror, anything.
WOMAN:
Do you know who I am?
It's why I'm here.
Do you know
what I'm capable of?
It's why I'm here.
I'll give you
until I finish me cuppa.
And I'm fucking thirsty.
I've got limited time,
so I won't take up
too much of yours.
Oh, no.
No, you've already taken
everything I have of value,
Mr. Toretto.
What more could you
possibly want?
To give you something back.
Talk to me.
Something is not right here.
First time I saw my son
was behind a bulletproof glass.
When he reached for me,
I couldn't hold him.
It's the worst pain
I ever felt.
I know you know
exactly how that feels.
Maybe we could change that.
And, now, why do I think
you're about to suggest
something really dodgy,
Mr. Toretto?
It's why I'm here.
CIPHER:
Jesus, punch in on something.
I'm not liking this.
Something's not right.
Rhodes, you close?
RHODES [over radio]:
Yeah.
CIPHER:
Go.
The delivery truck's moving.
[no audio]
[engine starts]
[tires squeal]
[man speaking indistinctly
over radio]
HOBBS:
"Captain Deckard Shaw.
"Distinguished himself
by acts of gallantry
"at the risk of his life above
and beyond the call of duty.
"His bold actions
saved the lives
"of hostages and his teammates.
Recommendation:
the Victoria Cross."
The highest honor the British
government has ever given...
to a traitor.
Something about
this whole thing that just
doesn't add up to me.
Well, that would be
the same kind of funny math
that says a DSS agent
who has a Silver Star for valor
stole an EMP.
Sound familiar, huh?
You want to give me a hand?
-On three?
-Yeah.
-One, two, three.
-[both grunt]
[exhales sharply]
You know what, Twinkle Toes?
In another life,
I bet me and you
could have done
some serious damage.
-Yeah, we could've.
-Yeah.
Shame I'm gonna have
to bounce your head
off the fender
when this is all over.
[device whirring]
Ah, well, with all
due respect, Captain,
when this whole thing is over,
we're gonna find a location,
and I'm gonna knock your teeth
so far down your throat,
you're gonna stick a toothbrush
right up your ass to brush 'em.
[laughs]
[chuckles]
Get me God's Eye.
-[rapid typing]
-God's Eye active.
Good.
Let's find us a Russian.
I spy with my little eye
a Minister of Defense.
[sirens wailing]
Upload those coordinates
to Dom's nav.
Copy that.
[engine roars]
[sirens wailing]
[laughing]
He's in the third car.
[over radio]: It's a Guard Class
limousine.
[indistinct chatter
and laughter]
[sirens wailing]
Where's my team?
-Where's his team?
-There's no sign of them yet.
They're off the grid.
They're probably just
bunkered down somewhere.
DOM:
I'm closing in on 'em.
You guys ready?
CIPHER: One thing
I can guarantee, Dom--
no one's ready for this.
I want every chip
with a zero-day exploit
in a two-mile radius
around that motorcade now.
There's over a thousand
of them.
Hack 'em all.
[engine starts, tires squeal]
It's zombie time.
I'd buckle up if I were you.
-[tires squeal]
-[man grunts]
[indistinct shouting]
[grunting]
[horn honking]
[tires screeching]
[horns honking]
[man shouts indistinctly]
[engine starts]
[horns honking]
[tires squealing]
[engine roars, tires squeak]
TECH:
Safety sensors overridden.
CIPHER:
Thank you.
[quiet chatter]
[engine starts]
[tires squeak]
MAN:
Whoa, whoa!
[tires screeching]
[tires squealing]
-[man grunts]
-[horns honking]
-[grunts, groans]
-Hey!
[tires squealing,
horns honking]
Target the motorcade.
[sirens wailing]
CIPHER:
And here they come.
[siren whoops]
Ouch.
[grunts]
[rapid typing]
Police escort down.
Take out the lead
and follow cars.
[engine starts]
[crowd murmuring]
[engines starting]
-[tires squealing]
-[people screaming, gasping]
[sirens wailing]
-[tires squealing]
-[grunting]
TECH:
Two more down.
CIPHER:
They're still under warranty.
-[tires squealing]
-[people screaming]
[man yelling]
MAN [over radio]:
We got an army of cars
driving themselves!
Send backup! Send SWAT!
I don't care if you send
the goddamn Boy Scouts!
Just send them some help!
Now, that's Dom.
-[tires screeching]
-[siren wailing]
♪
[sirens wailing,
tires squealing]
The motorcade
just turned on Seventh.
CIPHER:
Perfect. Make it rain.
[engine starts]
[sirens wailing]
[rapid beeping]
[bell dings]
[tires screeching]
[frightened grunt]
[woman screams]
[gasping]
-[grunts]
-[people screaming]
Target immobilized.
You're up, Dom.
[gasping quietly]
[men grunt]
DOM:
Give me the case.
[engines roaring]
[whimpering softly]
Good work, Dom.
Meet you at the pickup.
[tires screech]
DOM: I think I know
where my team's at.
Where?
Right in front of me.
[engines revving]
[engine revving]
-[neck cracks]
-[engine revving]
This is on you.
Get out of there, Dom.
RAMSEY [over radio]:
Guys, I know why Dom's here.
Police scanners are saying
he stole a nuclear football.
[feedback squeals]
It's over, Toretto.
Get your ass out
of the car now.
[engine revving]
HOBBS: So, that's how
you want to play this?
Let's play.
[engine revving]
Don't do this, Dom.
[tires screeching]
He's going for it.
-What are you doing?
-It's a trap.
Damn it!
[woman screams]
[people screaming]
[tires screeching]
TEJ:
Now I know what it feels like
to be every cop ever
chasing us.
I'm gonna get a little closer.
I'm gonna pit him.
Oh, so you just gonna pit Dom?
Little Nobody has clearly lost
his little mind.
[tires screeching]
I'm on him.
Easy. Work together.
-[tires screech]
-[man shouts]
-MAN: Look out!
-Wait, wait, wait!
Oh, sh...
-[grunts]
-[tires squealing]
I'll take the shortcut.
[people screaming]
[horn honking]
RAMSEY:
Look out! Watch those people!
Big Sexy coming through!
[people screaming]
Not this time, Dom.
[loud metallic ping]
[tires screeching]
[grunts]
Watch the drag,
or the line will snap!
[grunting]
Stretch him out. Hold him.
He's gotta have about
2,000 horsepower in that thing.
Try 3,000.
Try five.
Get out of there.
I'm working on it.
CIPHER:
Stop working on it, and do it.
No, no, no, no.
This is my Bentley!
[grunts]
No! No!
[Roman grunting and yelling]
[tires squealing]
[grunting, yelling]
Get that case and run.
[steam hissing]
[bystanders murmuring]
[grunts]
Move.
[typing]
They thought this was
gonna be a street fight.
What are you waiting for,
Toretto?
-[two gunshots]
-[people screaming]
No!
MAN:
Let's get out of here!
[siren wailing]
[sighs]
Letty, stop!
[panting]
What are you gonna do?
[running footsteps]
[gunshot reverberates]
[sirens fade into distance]
I don't know why
you're doing this,
but I know one thing:
You love me.
And you are not gonna shoot me.
You should have
given him the case,
'cause I won't chase you.
Okay.
I will just take it
from a dead girl.
[guns cock]
DOM:
You willing to die for it?
Let's go, then.
[gasping]
HOBBS:
Anything?
They're gone.
And DOD confirmed
it was a nuclear football.
He's got an EMP
and nuclear launch codes.
I don't know what it is,
but... but they're building
towards something.
Deckard?
LITTLE NOBODY:
He didn't make it.
[grunts]
CIPHER [over speaker]:
I'm disappointed in you, Dom.
When push came to shove,
you were gonna let Letty
just walk away with the codes.
-You got the codes!
-Rhodes got the codes.
You made the choice
to let her go.
And now I have to make
one of my own.
[muffled gasping]
They are adorable
little things, aren't they?
God, I hope I don't hurt him.
Look, psychotic, I did exactly
what you asked me to do.
Don't do this.
This is your doing.
My doing?!
MARCOS:
Da-da-da.
Dada. Dada.
Please don't hurt him,
I'm begging you.
I don't want you to beg.
I want you to learn.
Learn what?!
I understand
why you did what you did.
I really do.
Dada.
[Marcos coos]
But it was the wrong choice.
MARCOS:
Dada.
CIPHER: This is
the consequence of that.
[muffled gasp]
No. No! No!
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
W-Wait.
[Elena screams]
-ELENA: Save your son!
-DOM: No!
-No!
-[two gunshots]
[crying]
[shushing]
[Marcos continues crying]
Shh...
[sighs]
Can you pull up the footage
from the guy in the alley?
Traffic cams.
I got you.
I knew it.
I recognize that guy.
That's Connor Rhodes.
I met him when I was working
with Shaw's brother.
He wanted us to get
the Nightshade device for him.
Connor Rhodes.
He's also linked
to somebody
I'd quite like to forget.
Mose Jakande.
Warlord who tried
to get God's Eye.
Which means that's twice
that Dom
has messed up
Cipher's business.
Everything you're feeling
right now--
this rage, this sense of loss--
it's not real.
It's a survival instinct
wired deep into our brains
to ensure
continuation of the species.
When early man
would visit a watering hole,
if they didn't watch
their child
and it got snatched
by a crocodile,
our brains would create
a painful
but instructional memory
so it would never happen again.
This idea of family
that is so core with you,
that rules your world,
it's a biological lie.
You don't have to accept it.
I don't.
Did you really think
you could destroy
two of my teams
without any repercussions?
I wouldn't have even
looked your way
if you hadn't done that.
You didn't even know
you had a kid.
You can thank me for that
and start doing the job
I'm asking you to do.
Help you start a war.
Is that what you think I want?
That's so limited.
I didn't take that football
to start a war
any more than I took your son
to start a family.
Taking your son
got me the codes.
The codes
will get me the nukes,
and the nukes
will get me what I want
today, tomorrow
and every day after that.
And what's that?
Accountability.
The second I fire off
one of those nukes,
I put the superpowers
of this world on notice
that when they cross the line,
I'm gonna be there
to hold them responsible.
Because the truth is, Dom,
to the world out there...
...I am the crocodile
at the watering hole.
We've got one last job to do.
Cipher...
If I were you, I'd kiss my son.
Because,
whether you value it or not,
all of this--
your plane, your security
and you--
are still on this Earth
because of him.
RAMSEY:
The problem we've had
with tracking Cipher
is there's nothing to trace.
But now we have Rhodes'
information.
TEJ: And we're getting
snapshots of his data
before it's scrubbed
off the Net.
ROMAN: That look like
somebody's bank account,
so why don't we
just go ahead...
HOBBS:
It's a longitude.
Given the fact that Dom
hit a Russian motorcade,
safe to say it's Russia.
Go ahead and bring up the map.
Good. Let's start here
and run the possibilities.
Yalta, Poltava...
It's like they just
threw letters together.
-Kronyurt...
-MR. NOBODY: It's Vladovin.
What are you doing here?
What?
Told you I was gonna
check in on you
from time to time
to see how you were doing.
By the way, not so hot.
But there's nothing
in Vladovin.
-It's just ice.
-MR. NOBODY: That's funny.
Could've sworn there was
a secret Russian naval base
where they retrofitted
Cold War submarines.
Well, technically,
it's not Russian anymore.
Base was taken over
by a terror group
of military separatists
about a month ago,
and the Russians
haven't taken it back yet,
so there is a little window
of opportunity here.
ROMAN: Russian submarines.
Nuclear football.
It sounds like,
everything we do,
our legs gonna be blown off.
It sounds like you still
number 11 on the list.
[Tej chuckles]
It sounds like you've changed
since your little
punk-ass facial hairs
done came in.
LITTLE NOBODY:
Guys, guys.
Hey, we gotta call this in.
All the way up the chain.
That's good thinking, champ,
except, unfortunately,
the Russian Minister of Defense
got himself involved
in a little incident
on U.S. territory and...
two governments aren't talking
to each other for a while.
By the time they do,
it'll be too late.
So, any other suggestions?
HOBBS:
Yeah.
I got one.
How about we just
stop 'em ourselves?
You're talking about
a Russian military base.
-Separatist.
-Whatever. It's suicide.
It's stopping World War Three.
What's it gonna be, rook?
You gonna close your eyes
on this one, too?
Pray that the apocalypse
doesn't come knocking
on your mama's front door?
Or you gonna saddle up,
be a man
and save the entire
goddamn world?
You know,
I think I figured it out.
What's that?
Rule number three.
Which is?
There are no rules.
MR. NOBODY:
What'd I tell you, Luke?
I knew he'd get it in three.
LITTLE NOBODY: Aerial transport
leaves in an hour.
Take whatever vehicle you want.
All bets are off.
-All bets are off?
-Bets are off?
[Mr. Nobody exclaims
in Russian]
♪
Letty, I don't like
telling you this one bit,
but the game's changed.
Before, we were just trying
to catch Dom,
but now, after all this,
I want you to know,
if I have to,
I'm gonna put him down.
Then you might have
to take us both down.
ROMAN:
I'm freezing, man.
This ain't for me.
I come from a different kind
of lifestyle, brah.
Ladies know me.
They know where I'm at with it.
I tried to take a piss...
I didn't even recognize myself.
TEJ: Man, that's entirely
too much information.
I'm just saying.
Well, one thing's for sure.
Dom's gotta be either working
with them or making a trade,
because no one
would be this insane
to hit this place
without a damn army.
I wouldn't be
so sure about that.
HOBBS:
Speak of the devil.
CIPHER: All right, Dom,
you're one step closer
to that family reunion.
400 meters to base.
Prep the EMP.
Let's take these defenses down.
[rapid beeping]
[explosive whoosh]
Gates are open.
Let's get this party started.
[guards shouting]
EMP is recharging.
-How long?
-60 seconds.
All right, Dom, you have
one pulse left in that EMP.
That sub is heavily insulated.
You're gonna need
to be right underneath it
for this thing to work.
[beeping]
-Come on.
-[beeping continues]
[explosive whoosh]
[alarms buzzing and beeping]
CIPHER:
Yes!
Two birds with one stone.
TECH:
We've got control of the sub.
Dom, we are good.
Head over to the rendezvous.
Okay, Matty...
let's take this baby
for a spin.
[whirring]
TEJ:
Damn.
I think Cipher
just rebooted that sub
to slave its command system.
What the hell
is he talking about?
In layman's terms,
she just carjacked a submarine.
We can't let it get away.
There's the control room.
If you can get me
into that wheelhouse,
I can tap the network
and counter-hack Cipher.
Keep it from lowering
into the water.
No, what we need to do
is get me on that sub.
I find the weapons room,
and I can pull the launch chip
before she can fire
any of those nukes.
-That is too crazy. -What
you're saying is too dangerous.
We'll do both.
Knock, knock.
[soldiers shouting in Russian]
Five vehicles
just breached the base.
They just don't give up,
do they?
HOBBS: All right,
let's haul ass, team.
Double time, double time.
[soldiers shouting in Russian]
[yells in pain]
Letty, let's roll.
LITTLE NOBODY:
Go! Go, go, go!
[rapid gunfire]
[screams]
CIPHER:
Change of plans, Dom.
I'm sending you
new coordinates.
Head there immediately.
I'm done. I want my son.
I'll tell you when you're done.
Your team is in play.
Now, meet Rhodes
and follow my instruction.
I got you covered! Go!
Move, move!
Get out of here! Go, go, go!
[panting]
Okay.
How do you like this?
[motor powering down]
TECH:
Remote link has been severed.
CIPHER:
I'll take care of this.
Hi, Ramsey.
[whirring]
RAMSEY:
She's regained control.
Damn it, she's good.
[clanking]
-[gasps]
-[gun clicks]
[grunting and groaning]
[panting]
[grunting and groaning
continue]
[yells in pain]
-[Hobbs grunts]
-[men groan]
[grunting and groaning]
[alarm buzzing]
They're entering
the weapons room.
Oh, that's cute.
[alarm continues]
LITTLE NOBODY:
Yo! Pull, pull!
Roman, Roman,
we gotta find the chip.
Go!
Oh, she's slick.
You're gonna have to do better
than that, though.
Okay, now you're starting
to piss me off.
[grunting and groaning]
Ramsey, how much time
we talking here?
CIPHER:
You're smart...
but not smart enough.
[whirring]
She's locked me out.
[grunting and groaning
continue]
Tej, I can't stop her.
You're gonna have
to pull that chip.
I can't. This thing's gone
into attack mode.
The door's not gonna open
until you pull the chip.
ROMAN:
Tej, we got no idea
what the hell
we're looking for.
I got it.
[alarm buzzes, whoops]
What in the hell
are you guys doing?
It wasn't me.
It-it wasn't me, okay?
It'll be labeled "guidance go."
Guidance go, guidance...
Okay, I got something.
-What?
-It says...
H-Hakslak...
s-slak-lak...
smok... belzak... marak...
Do you understand that?
[grunting, panting]
[groans]
[man chuckling]
[groaning]
[screams]
[loud clank]
Wow, nasty.
Hmm.
Quite a show.
We're arming the nuke.
TEJ: Nuke's going hot. She's
trying to fire this thing.
Roger that.
We're moving out.
-Disable the nukes.
-Roman, what are you seeing?
Come on, talk to me.
I don't see shit.
I'm holding on.
[clanging]
And we have a countdown.
[whirring, clunking]
[alarm buzzing]
What the hell is going on, man?
We're about to launch
a nuclear missile
is what the hell is going on.
Pull the damn chip!
[panting]
Countdown. Countdown!
-Look for a countdown!
-What countdown?
The missiles need
to activate to launch.
The countdown timer
won't be in Russian.
The countdown...
Let's show the world
what we've got.
No, no, no, don't press that!
I got it.
Something's wrong.
It won't launch.
Get that sub out of there. Now!
LITTLE NOBODY:
Move your ass, Roman!
[panting]
[whirring]
-You all right?
-There's nothing all right
about any of this!
Let's go!
What about the missiles?
We got the chip.
No nukes for her.
Hell yeah.
Let's roll.
[tires squealing]
Guys, we got company.
A lot of company.
All right, team,
here's the plan.
There's a sea lock
at the opening of the bay.
We get there first
and close it,
we can stop the submarine
from escaping into open water
and disappearing forever.
[rapid beeping]
RAMSEY:
I've got the location.
It's ten miles southwest.
Ten miles? We're not gonna
make it ten seconds!
[gunfire]
[gasping]
No, no, no, no, no!
This is not good! Aah!
What's the matter, Roman?
Forgot your snow tires?
[Roman yelling]
You loving that Lambo now?
ROMAN:
Oh, sh... Oh!
[yelling]
All right, everyone.
We'll deal with
that launch chip later.
Right now I want that sub
in deep water
where no one can find it.
Find me the fastest route
out of that bay.
Copy that.
Why are they shooting at me?
Maybe 'cause you're in
an orange Lamborghini.
I don't know.
Shut up, Tej!
CIPHER: Dom, do you really
want to put that car in gear?
Do it, huh?
-I didn't think so. -They're
heading for the sea lock.
They're trying to trap
the sub in the bay.
I should have taken care
of this a long time ago.
Rhodes, take his team out.
I'm on it.
[door closes]
Roman, get in front of me.
Okay, y'all want to play rough?
-[buttons beeping]
-Now it's my turn.
[beep, rapid gunfire]
Yeah, baby! [laughs]
[chuckling]
Guys, we got snowmobiles
on the right.
They're gonna flank us!
No, they ain't.
Oh, shit!
[beeping]
Tej!
Roman, hold tight.
I'm on the way.
ROMAN:
I don't want to go swimming!
No!
[beep, whirring]
Really, Tej?
Oh, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no!
Oh, shit!
Roman, grab your door.
ROMAN:
Tej!
TEJ:
Grab the door, Roman!
-ROMAN: It's so cold!
-Shit.
ROMAN:
Oh, shit!
Whoa!
-Whoo!
-Yeah!
What is going on?!
Roman, hang on.
Tej!
Get me off of this thing!
Come on!
[yells, grunts]
All right.
I've had enough of this shit!
-[gunfire]
-[men groaning]
Number 11, my ass.
HOBBS:
Yo, Shrinkage.
We got a sub to catch.
Get in.
-[rapid beeping]
-What?
Depressurization alert
in the cargo hold.
Drop it to 10,000 feet.
I know how much
these people mean to you.
So I will let you pick
the first target.
I don't pick a target
from a mile away.
[chuckling exhale]
I stand face to face
and look 'em dead in the eye.
[chuckles]
Okay.
The wife it is.
Nice plane.
I'm going to enjoy having this.
Hey, don't go getting
any ideas.
You and planes
don't have a good history.
No shit.
Okay... let's go, Scarface.
These assholes
ain't gonna kill themselves.
Pull up surveillance right now.
[beep]
Surprise.
You're supposed to be dead.
[sighs]
We have a security breach
in the cargo hold.
Take care of it now.
[gasps]
[grunts, groans]
Jesus, Mum.
You're supposed
to avoid the nerves.
Oh, shut up.
Don't be such a baby.
[men groaning]
Get to the pilot.
He's got the second key.
-Wait for my signal.
-Give Cipher my regards.
Did Toretto hold up
his end of the deal?
MRS. SHAW: He gave us
this little thing here.
No, no, no, no.
Don't touch.
You can track Cipher with this,
but you can't do
this on your own.
It's gotta be two of you.
Fine. I've got contacts.
No, you're gonna take
your brother.
-No. Damn.
-Yes.
[grunting and groaning]
Toretto knows where he is.
He's got this thing.
It can see everything.
It's like... it's called the
Devil's Bumhole or something.
-It's called the God's Eye.
-Yeah, well, whatever.
There's no way I'm using Owen,
all right?
He's a lost cause.
He's your brother, Decks.
He's my son.
He's our family.
[crying]: And our family
don't die in bloody cages.
How can you talk like that
about Owen?
I can't believe you.
You've gone and upset me.
You've really upset
your mother.
Call yourself a brother?
-Look, look, come here.
-You're...
Mum. Okay, okay.
Every time.
[gun cocks]
-[radio beeps]
-Owen.
-[beep]
-In position.
Go.
I'm in.
[cell phone buzzing]
DECKARD:
I've got the package, Toretto.
All 12 pounds of him.
Yeah!
Dada. Dada.
-[both grunt]
-[bullet ricochets]
[car door closes,
footsteps approaching]
You made me miss my shot.
What you think you're doing?
Looking at you dead in the eye.
[grunting and groaning]
[choking]
[yells]
[groaning, choking]
[yelling]
That was for Elena.
-[radio beeping]
-Rhodes.
DOM:
He's no longer with us.
Rhodes picked the wrong target.
Congratulations, Dom.
You just killed your son.
You're wrong.
I just saved him.
And you just took your foot
off the tiger's neck.
All right, governor,
it's gonna get noisy.
-This is for your ears.
-[cooing]
[Deckard makes whooshing sound]
["The Chipmunk Song [Christmas
Don't Be Late]" plays]
Good?
[coos]
Let's go.
No. Stop him!
Do not let him
get off this plane.
LITTLE NOBODY:
We got another problem.
That truck's got enough
missiles to take us all out.
Then don't give 'em a target.
Everybody,
get in front of us, line up,
-and we'll take the hit.
-What?
I need to switch cars
right now.
-Roman, here comes
the bad part. -What?
ROMAN:
Whoa!
Whoo!
Hang in there, guys.
We're almost to the lock.
ROMAN:
It's easy for you to say
when your ass ain't on fire.
All right, little man.
This might be a little scary,
but it's gonna be
a lot of fun.
[rapid beeping]
[grunting and groaning]
[indistinct shouting]
How's the music? Good?
[coos]
[men groaning]
[whirring]
[beeping]
They're locking on.
Sorry, guys,
I got no tricks left.
What do we do now?
TEJ:
We start praying.
[beep, weapon blasting]
Hell yeah!
There's Dom.
What, is this guy
on our side now?
Who the hell cares?
He just saved our ass.
Good to be riding
with you again, man.
Toretto just cleared
the way for them.
-Someone, give me something.
-Torpedoes are ready.
Then launch them!
Shit.
Take the wheel.
I ain't taking shit!
HOBBS:
Take the wheel!
-[grunts]
-Where are you going?
[grunting]
-This is crazy!
-Speed up!
-Left and back!
-What?
Turn the goddamn wheel
to the left really quickly.
[grunts]
Boom, baby.
[men groaning]
-[gunfire]
-[men groaning]
Going for a ride.
[man groaning]
Back in a sec.
[grunting and groaning]
[bone cracks]
[groaning]
Where's that smile?
-[coos]
-There it is.
[groans]
You were gonna shoot a baby?
You sick bastard.
You're not gonna want
to see this.
["The Chipmunk Song [Christmas
Don't Be Late]" continues]
[groaning]
♪ We've been good
♪ But we can't last
♪ Hurry, Christmas
-[sniffs]
-♪ Hurry fast...
Is that you or him?
[grunts]
[sniffs]
Him. Good.
The torpedoes missed.
They're gonna reach the lock
before the sub does.
The hell they are.
Get ready for this.
Oh, shit!
We're gonna need
a bigger truck.
[laughing]
It's right under us.
Get out the way!
[both grunt]
[gasping]
Get us out of here!
Why are you always yelling?
-This bitch is crazy.
-Look out!
[gasps]
[yells]
That's not good.
Please tell me there's
nothing to worry about.
We got this.
[gasps]
-[grunts]
-[sighs]
[laughs]
That's my girl.
The sub's too close. We ain't
making it to the gate in time.
We're just gonna
let it get away?
Not if I know Dom.
You lose, Dom.
I destroyed two of your teams,
I killed
your redheaded boyfriend,
and I put two killers
on your untraceable plane.
You lost the minute
you interrupted my honeymoon.
Now guess who I'm coming for.
Put a heat-seeker on him now.
Now!
Fire!
That's a goddamn heat-seeker
coming at us!
Peel off!
Head to the shore!
[whirring]
All right.
Come and get it.
[beeping]
No, no, no, no, no.
No, no.
-Dive! Dive!
-[rapid beeping]
This...
This is for my son.
[explosive whoosh]
[gasps quietly]
Dom!
♪
[Hobbs groans]
[debris clattering,
glass shattering]
[computer beeping]
-[two gunshots]
-[man groans]
You're out of bullets, Deckard.
Not like I'm gonna need a gun
to take care of you.
How did you find me?
DOM:
You want to see the old Dom?
-[beeping]
-Watch.
Resourceful.
You have a lot
to answer for, Cipher.
What you put my family through.
My mother.
I'm gonna make sure
that never happens again.
To anyone.
There is only one flaw
in your plan.
What's that?
Only one of us has a parachute.
[rapid beeping]
[grunting]
[frustrated grunt]
[cooing happily]
Told you this would be fun.
[coos]
Time to land, boys.
You know I never left you,
Letty.
I know.
And you know I never will.
[chuckling]
I have so much to tell you.
Yeah, you do.
And you can start
with that bitch.
ROMAN:
Now, that's Dominic Toretto.
Hey, Dom.
I'm just throwing it out there.
We need to get up out of here
'cause there's all kind
of nuclearism
-happening under this ice.
-Relax.
Without the trigger chips,
those nukes are harmless.
Okay, so we good, then.
Let me go and get
my young selfie levels up.
You realize this
is classified, right?
Not today.
-[camera clicks]
-Unbelievable.
ROMAN: All right, can we
get up out of here now?
I'm freezing.
♪
♪ It doesn't get
much better than this ♪
♪ Spent too much time
getting ready for this ♪
♪ These days it seems
like I just can't miss ♪
♪ And I must confess...
It's okay.
Don't worry.
He's gonna be here soon.
ROMAN: I get it.
Y'all got a lot in common.
Computer hacks, God's Eye,
geeks, nerd, the... You know.
But we got a lot
in common, too, right?
-Like what?
-We walk in the room,
and we're oozing sex appeal.
Me and you, hip to hip,
is a problem.
I'm asking
a real question right now.
Is it gonna be
Revenge of the Nerds...
-[Ramsey chuckles]
-ROMAN: Or...
The Dark Knight? Huh?
To be honest,
I like both of you.
ROMAN: Yeah, baby.
You know what I mean?
TEJ:
All right, all right, baby...
[Tej and Roman muttering
indistinctly]
But just before we get
into all of that,
let me ask you one question.
You can ask me anything.
Anything.
What's my last name?
When you guys
figure it out, then...
-I guess you can let me know.
-It's gonna be Parker.
That's... that's all
that really matters.
-ROMAN: Jones. Uh...
-TEJ: Mrs. Parker.
-Right?
-Hey, Mrs. Parker.
-LETTY: Hey.
-Letty.
I wanted to thank you.
No need.
Well, Cipher
is still on the loose.
There's been some reports
she's in Athens,
but she won't be nuking
any cities any time soon,
thanks to you guys.
So, I got you a party favor.
-HOBBS: This can't be good.
-[Mr. Nobody chuckles]
MR. NOBODY:
Your record's been cleared.
Full reinstatement.
You got your job back.
That is, if you want it.
-If I want.
-Mm-hmm.
[laughs]
You know, after 16 years,
I figure it's time
for a little break.
Wow.
Daddy's staying home.
[laughs]
Mmm... mwah.
Nobody.
Keep in touch.
Ah, hang on a second.
This could be interesting.
[sighs]
What made you think I'd do it?
Brotherhood.
I saw that look
you gave Cipher.
Knew you wanted revenge.
Glad I did it.
Can't believe you went
to see my mother.
[both chuckle]
[indistinct chatter]
HOBBS: Come on, Roman.
Get to cooking, buddy.
We all love you.
Come on, now.
All this fuss over you.
[Marcos coos]
Yes.
Elena, I promise
to keep our son safe.
And now he always will be.
I want to introduce you
to the most important person
in my universe.
One who never gave up on me.
He's beautiful.
DOM:
You've heard me say
that you never turn
your back on family.
And I want to thank you all
for never turning
your back on me.
You want to meet them?
All right.
Everyone...
-meet Brian.
-[laughter]
-ROMAN: Oh, man.
-TEJ: Yes. Yeah!
[coos]
TEJ:
I love it.
-HOBBS: Go, Brian.
-That's right.
ROMAN:
Welcome to the family, Brian.
Okay, I guess it's my turn
to say grace.
We thank you
for giving us family.
We sit here in praise.
Thank you for giving us
the strength...
♪ Raise a cup up
for all my day ones ♪
♪ Two middle fingers
for the haters ♪
♪ Life's only getting greater
♪ Straight up
from nothing we go ♪
♪ Higher than the highest
skyscraper ♪
♪ No Little League, we major
♪ The proof is in the paper
♪ We put the good in the,
good in the good life ♪
♪ We put the good in the
♪ Good in the good life
♪ We put the bad in the past,
now we all right ♪
-♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
-♪ Kehlani, I got you, yeah
♪ And it's a feeling
that I can't explain ♪
♪ How you make it and your team
still stay the same ♪
♪ Stay down from the jump
and they never change ♪
♪ Man, this a moment
I could never trade, yeah ♪
♪ I put my team in position,
now they making a killing ♪
♪ Stacking blue faces
straight to the ceiling ♪
♪ Out in Vegas I'm with 'em
♪ Ordering bottles of that Ace
when they sit 'em ♪
♪ Till there ain't enough space
up on the table to fit 'em ♪
-♪ Go ahead and
-♪ Raise a cup up
♪ For all my day ones
♪ Two middle fingers
for the haters ♪
♪ Life's only getting greater
♪ Straight up
from nothing we go ♪
♪ Higher than the highest
skyscraper ♪
♪ No Little League, we major
♪ The proof is in the paper
♪ We put the good in the,
good in the good life ♪
-♪ The good life
-♪ We put the good in the
♪ Good in the good life
♪ We put the bad in the past,
now we all right ♪
-♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey
-♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah
♪ You know, uh
♪ We put the good in the,
good in the good life ♪
-♪ The good life
-♪ We put the good in the
-♪ Good in the good life
-♪ I said the good life
♪ We put the bad in the past
-♪ Now we all right
-♪ We all right
-♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
-♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah
-♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah
-♪ Yeah
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah
♪ One more ride,
one more race ♪
♪ We go all out,
we don't play ♪
♪ One more ride,
one more race ♪
♪ We don't slow down,
ain't no brakes ♪
♪ I'm-a go off,
I'm-a ride tonight ♪
♪ It don't matter
what we face ♪
♪ I'm-a go off,
I'm-a ride tonight ♪
♪ I'm the master of my fate
♪ I'm-a go off, I'm-a go off
♪ I'm-a go off, I'm-a go off,
yeah, I gotta go now ♪
♪ Taking off and I'm riding
on the road now ♪
♪ Hit the gas, no brakes,
gotta go now ♪
♪ Put my life on the line,
yeah, it's on me ♪
♪ Blood rushing
through my veins, no I.V. ♪
♪ Ride, switching lanes,
you can't stop me ♪
♪ You can smell the propane
when you pass me ♪
-♪ Propane
-♪ Ride for the gang
-♪ Because I'm the chief
-♪ Gang, gang
♪ Helicopter hovering,
it's high speed ♪
♪ Chase, drive straight
♪ I'm-a race to the cake
♪ Flame on it, no chain on me
♪ All of us became homies
♪ One more ride,
one more race ♪
♪ We go all out,
we don't play ♪
♪ One more ride,
one more race ♪
♪ We don't slow down,
ain't no brakes ♪
♪ I'm-a go off,
I'm-a ride tonight ♪
♪ It don't matter
what we face ♪
♪ I'm-a go off,
I'm-a ride tonight ♪
♪ I'm the master of my fate
♪ I'm-a go off, I'm-a go off
♪ I'm-a go off, I'm-a go off,
yeah, I gotta go now ♪
♪ Nine-nine, nine-nine
♪ You're rocking
with the ether child ♪
♪ In overdrive, yeah yeah
♪ I-5 to I-9
-♪ We go all night
♪ Double-O speed,
double-O Chevy ♪
♪ I hit the fourth gear,
hope I don't drift ♪
♪ Souped up cars
all around me ♪
♪ Hot-boxing at a high speed
♪ One lane driving
♪ Bad thing beside me
-♪ One more time on the road
-♪ It's lit
♪ One more time 'fore we go
♪ One more ride,
one more race ♪
♪ We go all out,
we don't play ♪
♪ One more ride,
one more race ♪
♪ We don't slow down,
ain't no brakes ♪
♪ I'm-a go off,
I'm-a ride tonight ♪
♪ It don't matter
what we face ♪
♪ I'm-a go off,
I'm-a ride tonight ♪
♪ I'm the master of my fate
♪ I'm-a go off, I'm-a go off
♪ I'm-a go off, I'm-a go off,
yeah, I gotta go now ♪
♪ Gotta go now, gotta go
♪ Swerving in my whip,
can't slow down ♪
♪ Driving fancy cars,
boy, I'm on the road now ♪
♪ Automatic start,
my Vic take a code now ♪
♪ Yeah, rock star,
heavy metal, no guitar ♪
♪ Why you pay so much
for your Nissan? ♪
♪ Because it's GTR
♪ First I shift it, click it
♪ Burning rubber
like I'm moving dark ♪
♪ Drive at night,
I chop my top ♪
♪ So I can relate
to the stars ♪
♪ Yeah, relate to the stars,
♪ I'm-a race you
for a pink slip ♪
♪ I got nitrous in my car
so tell me what you thinking ♪
♪ My adrenaline start pumping
so I best stop blinking ♪
♪ One more ride,
one more race ♪
♪ We go all out,
we don't play ♪
♪ One more ride,
one more race ♪
♪ We don't slow down,
ain't no brakes ♪
♪ I'm-a go off,
I'm-a ride tonight ♪
♪ It don't matter
what we face ♪
♪ I'm-a go off, I'm-a go off
♪ I'm-a go off, I'm-a go off,
I gotta go now. ♪
♪ DJ Chose
♪ Oh, yeah
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah
♪ Yeah, yeah
♪ All these horses in my car
got me going fast ♪
♪ I just want to do the dash,
put my pedal to the gas ♪
♪ Going so fast,
hope I don't crash ♪
♪ One false move,
that could be my last ♪
♪ All these horses in my car
got me going fast ♪
♪ I just want to do the dash,
put my pedal to the gas ♪
♪ Going so fast,
hope I don't crash ♪
♪ One false move,
that could be my last ♪
♪ I just rolled up
in the Benz ♪
♪ It was just me and my mans
♪ Fishbowl no tint
♪ Scooping your ...
and her friends ♪
♪ Wanna take that ...
to the movies ♪
♪ Ain't got no love
for the groupies ♪
♪ Seat back while she do me
♪ She get wetter
than Jacuzzis ♪
♪ She don't go
like a green light ♪
♪ She get ran through
like a red light ♪
♪ If the ... right
then the bread right ♪
♪ Shorty know I'll be there
every night ♪
♪ Problem, problem, what they
want like steak sauce ♪
♪ Zero to 60, I take off
♪ Can't see me,
looking like Ray Charles ♪
♪ They tell me slow down,
I'm going too fast ♪
♪ Young...
I just wanna do the dash ♪
♪ I'm so reckless,
hope I don't crash ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm ballin',
like the whip stolen ♪
♪ Yeah, all these horses
in my car got me going fast ♪
♪ I just want to do the dash,
put my pedal to the gas ♪
♪ Going so fast,
hope I don't crash ♪
♪ One false move,
that could be my last ♪
♪ All big bankrolls
♪ I got no
♪ I just left my girlfriend
♪ I'm in love
with the ghost now ♪
♪ She's full of emotions
♪ And now she's my old
♪ 'Cause my 'Rari knows how
to roll when it goes down ♪
♪ And my watch on froze
♪ Watch it glow
with the lights out ♪
♪ If it's hot or cold, we gonna
still bring the bikes out ♪
♪ I just bought a Rolls-Royce
and I hop in a Lamb' now ♪
♪ When I push the button
♪ They like,
"What the ... is that sound?" ♪
♪ All these horses in my car
got me going fast ♪
♪ I just want to do the dash,
put my pedal to the gas ♪
♪ Going so fast,
hope I don't crash ♪
♪ One false move,
that could be my last ♪
♪ All these horses in my car
got me going fast ♪
♪ I just want to do the dash,
put my pedal to the gas ♪
♪ Going so fast,
hope I don't crash ♪
♪ One false move,
that could be my last ♪
♪ Yo.
♪ Yo, play, play, play, play
♪ Play, he gonna get
his head bust ♪
♪ You know how we comin'
♪ Strapped like
the Navy SEALs ♪
♪ Promise you don't want it
♪ This for them,
this for them ♪
♪ Be speaking on me
♪ Rob who? You got me ... up
♪ You ain't takin' nothin'
♪ It gonna,
it gonna be a murder ♪
♪ Play with that money
♪ It's gonna,
it's gonna be a murder ♪
♪ Come run up on me
♪ Be a,
it's gonna be a murder ♪
♪ Burn you and your homie
♪ It's gonna,
it's gonna be a murder ♪
♪ Thinkin' that I'm stuntin'
♪ It's gonna be a murder,
gonna be a murder ♪
♪ If you thinkin' 'bout takin'
somethin' from me ♪
♪ Talk about your body
♪ But I bet you ain't
gonna play with me ♪
♪ Try me if you wanna
♪ I stay with that
burner on me ♪
♪ What you doin'?
♪ I can't let you get
no rip off me ♪
♪ Must think I'm a ...
♪ I don't know who the ...
he must take me for ♪
♪ That ... that you talkin'
ain't fearin' us ♪
♪ How you come,
you ain't seein' us ♪
♪ Say we beefin', gonna
catch him and wet him up ♪
♪ Tell, tell me pull up
and I'm pullin' up ♪
♪ Up, let it bang,
we ain't sparin' nothin' ♪
♪ Caught him up in the bottom,
he ran from me ♪
♪ So you know we flexin'
with them bands ♪
♪ Whole lotta more
up in my pants ♪
♪ Try to take it,
all you hear is bang ♪
♪ Try to take it, all you
hear is bang ♪
♪ Play, he gonna get
his head bust ♪
♪ You know how we comin'
♪ Strapped like
the Navy SEALs ♪
♪ Promise you don't want it
♪ This for them,
this for them ♪
♪ Be speaking on me
♪ Rob who? You got me ... up
♪ You ain't takin' nothin'
♪ It gonna,
it gonna be a murder ♪
♪ Play with that money
♪ It's gonna,
it's gonna be a murder ♪
♪ Come run up on me
♪ Be a,
it's gonna be a murder ♪
♪ Burn you and your homie
♪ It's gonna,
it's gonna be a murder ♪
♪ Thinkin' that I'm stuntin'
♪ It's gonna be a murder,
be a murder ♪
♪ Be a murder, be a murder,
be a murder... ♪
[song fades]